tl;dr: End of moderation. Birth of 3-strikes-banhammer strategy.

(Prescript from Miles)

My apologies for the lateness of these minutes; two hour meetings take longer to edit than I had anticipated.

Anyway, a good protip that was relevant to last night: Please email allocation times prior to Kommittee to Bennett, since that ate quite a bit of time and caused confusion.

Best,
Miles

P.S., these minutes are not indented; if you want them to be, send either me or Kerry an email.


KOMMITTEE MINUTES FOR JANUARY 23rd, 2011
THEME: Candy Food Fight Kommittee
SECRET AGENDA: Support Green Bay

INSIDE GROUPS SEEKING THE MUSIC ROOM
Danny:
This semester, I'm producing a musical called Lucky Stiff in May, it'll be awesome
Mondays [amended: CLR] and Wednesdays 7 - 11, February 14th until March 9, February 10th 8 - 9:30, February 12th 2 - 5 , February 13th 1 - 5 for auditions (10th/12th)/callbacks (13th)
Silviana: Is that 8 hours/week for most of the semester during prime time?
I will have rehearsals be as long as they need, but this is pretty necessary for Melos, and it would be cool to have in-house resources
RA Nate: Couldn't you just adjust your hours accordingly?
I'd like a consistent time and place
GV Ben: This is in prime time, needs a 2/3 vote
¡Nolan!: This could restrict who can use this highly - coveted space; is the music room completely necessary?
Definitely need some time in the dance studio, for space and piano
Should I modify? Does it need to be 2 hours or less per week?
Make it 7 - 11 in the CLR on Mondays
RA Sally: Sometimes we do pass longer things for prime time; as the semester progresses changes are then made
Silviana: Four hours a week would be reasonable, there are lots of rooms that aren't in Risley
Miles: What were you saying about the dance studio piano, isn't it quite out of tune?
Sarah: Couldn't we focus on other pianos getting tuned as well?
The location of the dance studio is more convenient, I have an affinity for this piano
RA Lauren: We do sometimes forget that our residents have first dibs on these spaces, especially since this is a well thought-out thing; call to question

28 yea
0 nay
1 abstained

ACCLAIMED

Complicity (¡Sarah!):
This is an inhouse production of a play written by AIR Abe, codirected by AIR Carolina and me, going up the first week of March; it stars many of us in this room
We need to use much more than the just the theatre, including common rooms, courtyard, dance studio, sidewalks
We need the dance studio for the production itself as well as for rehearsal
Would like 9 - 11 PM during tech week (first week of march), Friday at 5 PM until Sunday night's cleanup (no earlier than 7 PM)
RA Kerry: Complicity's awesome.

ACCLAIMED

GV Ben: If you have more times, email them to me right now

OUTSIDE GROUPS SEEKING THE MUSIC ROOM
On Tap (Kristen Bennett, Cynthia Cohen):
We're a student tap organization, doing our own show in the spring, we need more space; 2 hours a week Tuesday evenings in the dance studio?
GV Ben: When?
8 - 10 or 9 - 11
GV Ben: Due to Complicity, 9 - 11 is taken during the first week of March
We could start January 31st, take a week off, and go until April 26th

ACCLAIMED

Ring of Steel (Sarah Ketani):
Mondays 8 - 10, Thursdays 8 - 10, Saturday 2 - 4, all in the Great Hall
RA Sally: One Saturday in April will conflict with Harry Potter
Emily: February 12th, Great Hall needed 2 - 4 for VD Ball setup
¡Nolan!: Ring, if they ask, could you cede?
Usually we just work something out with the other end
GV Ben: The Risleyite who is in Ring is usually on top of this and attends kommittee to resolve these things; Benjy's not here, but typically yields to in-house programs; we should talk later

ACCLAIMED

Society for Creative Anachronism:
We beat each other up every Sunday in the Great Hall with either sticks or pointy things
We've been here since the '70s, we're open for practices, and we're planning an event
We have loaner gear for fencing, heavy fighting
1st and 3rd Tuesdays, 7 - 9, CLR, for workshops
12 - 5, Sundays, Great Hall; heavy fighting first half, fencing second
These are the typical allocations we make each semester
Our event will be the week of February 5th, February 4th setup after dining
We'd like all rooms on February 5th, if possible; would cede briefly for RisBrunch
¡Nolan!: Because of the Ring allocation, what would you like to do?
We don't plan to yield to that
¡Nolan!: Ring, could you yield?
Ring: Sure
It could be an educational experience for Ring
Ring: They're more theatrical combat, so it's a different style

ACCLAIMED

SCA: Come see our event, there'll be food, calligraphy, costumes, etc

Comedy Flops
AIR Carolina:
I'm here with Stephen Barry, who's in Comedy Flops, a downtown comedy group
Stephen: We'd like Sunday afternoons and Tuesday nights, preferably the dance studio, CLR, or Tammany; Ambush theatre is our trademark, also do improv, sketch, encourage all to join
Stephen: Let's make it 3 - 6 Sundays, 7 - 10 Tuesdays
RA Kerry: Has Carolina mentioned that she is also in an improv group? Carolina, could we talk with your friend?
Stephen: Sure, we've been known to do humor
GV Ben: Tammany is best for Tuesday; Sunday there is only Danny's allocation in the dance studio, but if Comedy Flops is familiar with Tammany at that point, that would be better
[Motion applies to Tammany]
RHD Lauren: Wait, Life Drawing is on Tuesdays
GV Ben: CLR is being used by SCA every other week
AIR Carolina: Is there another time you can use?
¡Nolan!: Tammany has not been allocated all that much other than Tuesdays
Emily: At least one other group hopes to allocate Tammany tonight
RA Lauren: Do you just need a two hour block?
Stephen: Yeah
RA Lauren: Well, you could use 7 - 9
GV Ben, et al: This follows the LLC faculty dinner directly, so be aware of that

ACCLAIMED

Play Everywhere (Jesse Penber):
I'm Jesse Penber, producer of a new student theatre group
We're eclectic, we even have engineers
We're putting on The Magic Show, an obscure-ish musical by Stephen Schwartz, who's know for Wicked and other good stuff
It was written for Doug Henning, quintissential hippie magician of the 1970s; it's pretty charming for being made for a guy who can't sing or dance
Spencer is directing, you know him; other Risleyites are involved
Allocating for use of the dance studio, Mondays 7 - 9, from about January 31st to March 1st
Let's ammend that to 7 - 10, since others aren't using it, but if others want it 9 - 11 I'll cede
RA Lauren: This is going to be awesome, really fits the Risley mission

ACCLAIMED

Jesse: Also, an announcement:
We are casting for one part in the musical, a supporting role, of a jazz singer who opens for a terrible alcoholic magician
It's a female role, but is also open to a man
Audition is Wednesday, Lincoln B08, 7:30 - 9; if you can't come, then email me, jem368@cornell.edu
Miles: Would the guy who auditions need to sing alto/mezzo/soprano?
Spencer: Yes, but we can transpose if needed

STAFF REPORTS
GV BEN:
We have reflected a new per-head fee, so we are rolling in money
$12,662.14
[applause]
Risquirer?
Sarah Longchamp

RHD LAUREN:
A couple of announcements, beginning with Program House Days, which dispenses info about program houses for frosh/off-north campus folk
It's January 27th - February 4, and we're all involved
Attending gives you a chance to win an iPad (thingy)
If you go to any sponsored events, you're entered with a card swipe
Going to more events increases your chances of winning
RisBrunch, Dr. Suess dinner, Tammany, and Eat This! will be the events
¡Nolan! getting naked will not, however
Program house applications are due by February 4th, I'll send a couple more attachments; please get those out and tell your friends
Lottery numbers will be out February 10th at the latest, other things and Jenny's typing pending
Squatting forms are due on the 11th
There are RA events, some that the general public is invited to; you can give feedback on the candidates and stuff there
The AIR position has been posted, though our current ones are interested in returning next year
I need a Sub-Kommittee needed for that
If you're interested in starting the Spring Faire again, it will have to be epic, since it hasn't been done in five years or so
Bye-Bye Barbequeue (BBBBQ) is at the end of the semester; let RA Nate or RA Kerry know if you're interested in helping
Thursday January 27th is a housing expo for those that wish to stay on-campus but not in Risley
All of these events will be emailed

RA LAUREN:
This coming Friday at 10, AIR Abe and the Tammany crew will be putting on an UnSoundgarden meeting, as part of the Program House Days
Looking for people to inherit a serious and hefty managment position from me
RA cleaning took place, and we found a handvac, so get excited!

RA JULIA
Three things:
February 11th, we'll have an ethiopian dinner; this'll be my first non-Day of the Dead dinner
Cathy, the 4th floor maintenance person (who has raised a wolf!), has torn a rotator cuff; I have a card to sign, stop by soon
A talk/lecture about shops: at the end of the semester, especially in the spring, the RAs all clean the shops; however, we are all seniors, so we don't want to spend senior week doing that
Please keep 'em clean

RA NATE
About tea: There are bad places to put those mugs that hold it, like railings and stairs; if you left tea there, you are down a mug
It got knocked down, it could have hurt someone seriously
Food signup sheets are up, so use those to their fullest
How many of you are interested in being CPR certified? There are classes that will cost $15/person, Cornel has additional classes, bringing it to $27/head
Classes start tomorrow, so we're returning to 11 PM quiet hours, 1 AM on weekends, no noise violations please; Lauren(s) will get mad at you

RA SALLY
Open Shops Day is next Saturday from 3 - 5
Come down, be excited; I'll be making an allocation later
Tuesday is Dr. Suess dining, can't tell you exactly what it is
There'll be a station for writing letters to kids in hospitals, as well as one for coloring your food
Tom Hill's faculty dinner will be Wednesdays at 5, Antonia's at 5 or 5:30 on Tuesdays (still working that out)

RA KERRY
I'd like to mention the new Rizzers, not sure if any are here
Please invite them to events, make them welcome
RAs make bulletin boards, but sometimes we miss important things or boards are naked
If you have an idea that is educational and needs to get out (funny things, original art are also good), email RA Lauren at lrw45
RA Lauren: There will be flyers advertizing boards as space for original art
RA Kerry: Please get it approved first, so it doesn't glorify drugs and stuff
Meditation will be from 8 - 9 on Mondays, a certain musical pending; the next one will be tomorrow
Sex on the Table (SOTT) will be 5 - 7, hopefully; don't come this week, you'll see stuff on the listserv soon
Naked Improv has decided that we are going to have every other Thursday be audience-participation friendly
Rehearsals are still 7 - 9 on Thursdays and 6 - 8 on Sundays and open to the public
Tell a Story: This will be a bunch of people in a room, telling stories real and otherwise; that will be Monday January 31st, 9 - 11 in CLR
RHD Lauren: When using laundry, don't close the doors to the washing machines, they get mildewy
RA Lauren: This is why your towels smell
RHD Lauren: They have been cleaned

AIR ABE:
There are seemingly new Risleyites coming in, and they're all fantastic
There are some great haircuts that have returned from break
I came back a week before anyone was allowed, just 2 - 3 of us in the creepy castle; then they waxed the floors, so it got creepier; then the TV was on for a while, creepier still
RA Kerry: Prudence was about!
Unsound Listening is starting back up, it's this coming Friday, the one before anyone realizes that there is work to be done; there will be milkshakes
It will be a live DJ musician set
RA Kerry: Will this be lying on my back/relaxing, or will it be dancing?
It will be lying down, believe it or not
RA Lauren: Milkshakes will be 10 - 10:30 as always, so that the RRNOEGRRNOUG sound that they make won't interfere with the music
There will also be fancy snacks (brie)
I would like to have a theatre workshop or two, based on the Complicity people but open to all
We want to be here next year
[applause]
I originally wanted to be here one year, but I'm addicted now, change of plans
I want Carolina to stay for two as well
We'd be broken-hearted if we couldn't
AIR Carolina: But not in that way

AIR CAROLINA:
Welcome back to your home!
Goody and I did a good job guarding the castle from thieves and ghosts
We were here for 2 weeks alone (MC Hamster was with my friend Karen downtown)
We spent lots of time scaring each other! We're glad you guys are back
The Jets lost
¡Nolan!: Yessss
Sorry I said that
I'm directing Complicity with the fabulously intelligent lady ¡Sarah Myers!
I'm inviting anyone new to theatre to use me as a sounding board because I feel for you
I'm also going to pitch an idea next week, I think, proposing a program kinda like a Risley awards show, whatever you want to call it (Rizzies? Prudies?)
It'll be to promote the Risley theatre, so there'll be standards like Best Actor/Director, but we can also do some creative ones
RA Kerry: Best Severed Head!
Is this interesting to all of you?
It would be a red carpet event, we'd take pictures, have papparazzi, as a fun Risley thing toward the end of the semester
I'll talk to RHD Lauren prior to the next Kommittee
RA Kerry: Are you familiar with RisPerlatives?
GV Ben: Those are different!
Also would like to present to you my interest in returning; this has been the best job of my life

WEBMASTER GABRIEL:
The tubes are saying to me that moderation has been going on for a long time, so let's reconsider that; it'll be ending this semester
It's been discouraging, since people have been ruining it
The New Rules: You'll get strikes if you abuse it, then you're banned; you can write an "I understand it now" essay to lift the ban; I'm still thinking it out, but things should change
RA Lauren: Not to subvert you, but you should run this by RHD Lauren first, I'm not sure if any student has had this much discretion over the listserv before
GV Ben: We should never encourage censorship, we are an open community for open ideas
Joey: FREE GABE
RHD Lauren: We're not putting sanctions on anyone without me
Silviana: Is censorship different from last semester, i.e., moderation? If there are three strikes, it prevents unfettered communication, not all communication
RHD Lauren: What are the criteria for bans?
The ones we already have?
RA Nate: A) There's no motion on the table. B) This isn't where this ought to be discussed, let's just take this and move on
¡Nolan!: If this is something that you still have strong feelings about, contact the webmaster AND RHD Lauren; maybe there could be some sort of meeting, not sure
RA Lauren: Any discussion should be sent to the RHD; the webmaster, per charter, has no jurisdiction over the listserv

GENERAL ANNOUNCEMENTS:
¡Presidentes!:
Important dates:
Next week (January 30th), we're announcing elections, a head's up is today
January 31st: We'll post the nomination sheet
February 6th: Approving nominations
February 9th - 11th: Election
February 13th: Results are announced
RA Kerry: Can you read the positions that are open?
¡Sarah!: We'll do that next week, although chair elections are the following week

RA Lauren:
First, a cheerleader announcement:
People who lived here before are vaguely familiar with Program House Week; this includes LLC, Ujamaa, MCCLU, etc., of which each has a specific focus
As a group we struggle to fill our spots, the effect is that people get put in program houses without interest in them
If there's no interest, then that's a problem for the community off the bat
We want a surplus of applications, which we used to have, but now we're falling just short
We've been relying on Residential Programs' ads for us, but we as residents need to be talking Risley/program houses up
Hoping for a bit of a grassroots go Risley effort this year, so that we don't have to put people in rooms that don't like them
The energy in this room is already kinda low, will come up with better way to express this (Christina Rosselini interpretive dance?)
Now, a Cratchety old woman announcement
It really bothers me that there's lots of side conversations in Kommittee and not following parliamentary procedure
If it continues, I will crab
Shame on me, shame on all of us, but just keep it in mind before you speak/make noise

OTHER BUSINESS:
APPROVAL OF LAST WEEK'S MINUTES: Approved
RA Kerry: They were pretty.

Joey:
I find that in all of these events that we do that I do a lot of things, sometimes people don't know how to help ladder-wise
I'm holding a ladder seminar to explain how to use ladders
We can talk about improvised ladders too
This is knowledge of a skill that you will cherish forever

ALLOCATIONS:
Emily:
I hope you're excited for VD Ball!
We need to allocate space for the planning in three weeks
Cowcliffes, 9 - 10 on Mondays until the event
Also, the Great Hall for the day of the event
GV Ben: Is 4 PM too late to set up, since Ring has that space?
RA Kerry: We talked about this with Ring, they will cede if needed
Hoping to get there at noon, but can start setup Friday after dinner
Do you do anything with the walls, Ring?
Ring: No, we just move tables
¡Nolan!: Where are the tables going?
The other half of the hall
Change motion to Friday at 8 PM in the Great Hall

ACCLAIMED

RA Julia
Democracy!
TV Room, Tuesday 9 - 11, free for all to watch the State of the Union
The RAs have RA duties then, but I traditionally watch so I invite you all to do that
RA Kerry: Thanks for thinking of this, RA Julia

ACCLAIMED

RHD Lauren
I've got a bunch of allocations for many different organizations (I realize that these aren't chronological):
PSP pre-frosh summer program meeting, February 2nd, 8 - 10 in Tammany
RA Open House (all invited), February 1st, 7 - 8:30 in CLR
RA candidates invited prior to Kommittee, January 30th, 8:30 - 9, CLR
RA duty in Cowcliffes, January 30th, 11 - 1
Spring Faire meeting, January 31st, CLR, 9 - 10
Room selection, February 16th, 5 - 11, Cowcliffes/CLR
GV Ben: Is Eat This! happening?
RA Julia: Yes, a chocolate fest as dictated by tradition
There will be an AIR-sub meeting, which is being rescheduled
GV Ben: SCA has CLR on February 1st for crafts
That can't be moved, the dates are already there and approved by RP
RA Sally: Can that move to the TV room, since it has couches and stuff?
RA Lauren: The CLR has a view of the front door, so that we can let people in
RA Sally: What about the On Call RA?
That could very well be the LLC RA
Also, we need the seating in the CLR
RA Sally: Could we allocate the TV Room and swap with SCA?
¡Nolan!: That should be fine
Gabriel: What is it that are we moving?
RA Open House conflicts with SCA's bi-Tuesday workshops

ACCLAIMED

$100 for AIR search, that's for the online post
$25 for promotional photo board for program house RA things
$63 dollars for crayons to be given out at open house
$30 for little desserty things for RA candidates
Sarah L: How much does that total?
Less than $250
GV Ben: $218

ACCLAIMED

RA Lauren:
$500 for Tammany budget; this is a deduction of $300 from the typical $800/semester
Which shouldn't need all of it, we just want ice crea

ACCLAIMED

Gerra:
I'm doing the Cornell Shakespeare production on April 8th, and it's Much Ado About Nothing
Auditions are next week, February 5th and 6th
CLR, February 5th, 1 - 3, February 6th 12 - 5
GV Ben: Problem on Saturday: SCA requested everything for their event
Change to Sunday 12 - 5, since I can have the theatre on Saturday
Danny: Much Ado and Lucky Stiff will not conflict because we are friends and want to support each other

ACCLAIMED

Rehearsal space
Tuesdays/Thursdays in Tammany, 7 - 11, Sundays in Tammany, 12 - 3 (until April 8th)
GV Ben: Comedy Flops has Tammany on Tuesdays 7 - 9, Sundays 3 - 6
Let's pass on this for now

¡Sarah!:
Complicity, which allocated the dance studio earlier; now come the rest of the rooms that we need
Tammany for same times as dance studio (February 28th - March 3rd, 9  -  11 [conflicts with Life Drawing], and March 4th at 5  -  March 6th at 3)
Carolina: We can talk to Comedy Flop
RA Sally: Does this overlap with Gerra's allocation?
GV Ben: Yes, she wanted noon to 3
We wanted Sunday to clean up, not for a performance; we can be out of there on time
RA Sally: We can proably just give up March 1st for Life Drawing, seems reasonable
We would need the Great Hall for the same times, except the Friday would start after dining
GV Ben: That conflicts much with Ring
Ring: We might have another space; we can probably give you the space, but let me check; could we postpone (for next week)?
So, should we not allocate now? We could cede that slot for now; we could also talk later
GV Ben: Make it Friday at 5 until noon on Sunday, since the SCA has that time

ACCLAIMED

Darth Lauren:
I've Been announcing the Risley comic book on the squid, which would feature Risley and its inhabitants, and it would hopefully go beyond this semester
Cowcliffes, 10 - 12, every weekend, starting now until the end of the semester for meetings
Clover: That's in the AM?
Yes
Sarah L: Which day?
Just Sunday

ACCLAIMED

GV Ben: Wait, I was slow, this weekend has an RA event at 1:30; everything else is free
RHD Lauren: RAs will go to the TV Room

RA Kerry:
Naked Improv, CLR Thursdays 7 - 9, Sundays 6 - 8
¡Nolan!: Are you confident that those times are always free?
No
GV Ben: They are
SOTT would like Tammany, Mondays 5 - 7
GV Ben: Just a reminder, it is much quicker to send me an email with your times prior to Kommittee
Also, $30 for hot cocoa for the Tell a Story program, Monday 31st in CLR, 9 - 11
GV Ben: That conflicts with the Spring Faire interest meeting, which ends at 10
RA Kerry: Okay, make that 10 - 12
Silviana: I object, but won't do anything; that's during Lost Coffee!; it's just less coffee that I have to make, so don't worry changing your times
RHD Lauren: We can move to the TVR instead

Gerra (again):
Same deal [see above], only for Tuesday the 8th we would like Cowcliffes 7 - 11
Recap: Thursday February 10th - March 31st, Tammany 7 - 11; Sunday, Tammany starting February 6th, 12 - 3, until March 27th

ACCLAIMED

Kim:
Harry Potter; We want to Take over all rooms except dance studio for decorating Thursday April 7th through Sunday April 10th, starting as early as possible on Thursday
RA Kerry: Naked Improv cedes
End at noon on Sunday, RisBrunch will cede on Sunday/we'll work it out

ACCLAIMED

Kim: Also, CLR 9 - 10 every Thursday for every week until April 7th for major HPN plannings
¡Nolan!: Conflicts?
None

ACCLAIMED

RA Sally:
$130 for open shops food, possibly for craft/project supplies

ACCLAIMED

RA Sally:
$70 for Dr. Suess decor

GV Ben (whole lotta allocations follow):
AIR food, since we feed them: $2400 ($1200 each)

ACCLAIMED

$270 for Life Drawing models

ACCLAIMED

Tuesday in Tammany 9 - 11 for Life Drawing excluding any previously mentioned conflicts

ACCLAIMED

CLR 8 - 9 Sundays for tsub, excluding this Sunday's RA meet and greet
RHD Lauren: They don't come until 8:30 anyway

ACCLAIMED

$1111 for food programs for Eat This!, RisBrunch, and Lost Coffee!
RA Kerry: Add 11¢!

ACCLAIMED

BBBBQ Risperlatives, $500 (This goes toward craft supplies, printing of risperlatives, rental and food costs, etc.)

ACCLAIMED

GV Ben to RA Sally and Kim: Would you like $600 for Harry Potter?
YES
Joey: Give 'em more, $1000 to break the bank
$600 is our precedent, what do the organizers think?
S&K: We might like more money to finance more raptors, perhaps police security
Joey: You can always give it back
S&K: Let's go for $1000
Current balance: $7433.33

ACCLAIMED

Final one is three-in-one
LLC faculty fellow dinners, Tuesdays in Tammany, 5 - 7
Eat This!, 9:30 - 11:30 in Cowcliffes
RisBrunch, 12 - 2 in Cowcliffes

ACCLAIMED

Gabriel:
1/5 of people in Risley will use this: We'd like $1000 to buy a Wii
RA Nate: 2 questions:
Was the $500 allocation approved last spring semester?
Gabriel: Yes, at one point, we actually approved money, but the TV was broken and Elaine was leaving, and lots of factors were in play, and we let it go
Now we have a new TV, a new cabinet for it, a new RHD
Joey: And a new cabinet for her?
RA Nate: Why have we doubled this allocation?
There's now Rock Band 3 as well as other awesome wii games, and the money left over could go other places
RA Nate: Has this followed standard procedure for controversial motions?
No
GV Ben: I don't know where we stand on whether that was posted to the bulletin board
¡Sarah!: No, it wasn't
Let's motion to table

23 yea
4 nay
3 abstained
TABLED

ADJOURNED

WAIT:
AIR Abe: I'd like to allocate $7000 for whiskey
[Laffs abound]
All kidding aside: $35 for snacks (cheese) for the UnSound Listening event on Friday
RA Lauren: Beyond milkshakes?
Yeah, some people don't eat milkshakes

NEXT WEEK'S THEME: Epically Epic Sewing Needles
NEXT WEEK'S SECRET AGENDA: It's not so much Dr. Suess night as much as it's a shirtless ¡Nolan!
Motion stays
