Sent by Michelle S. on 11/30/2010.

Yeah, sending an email to the listserv about shops is really not a big deal.  But if you want to single a person out for it, it would be much more appropriate to politely email them personally instead of sending an email out to the group.  It's just not nice, and seems even more offensive when the person in question is a long-time contributor to the Risley community or someone who holds a staff/AIR position. Plus it seriously violates the age-old Risley Listserv Etiquette.

Every year someone posts The Listserv Etiquette, so I figure its time.  Just keep in mind that this was created when Risley had just one listserv

LISTSERV ETIQUETTE

So without further ado, the scribe of listserv etiquette written by our dear friend and graduated Rizkid Parker:

Hi there, Risn00bs.  Welcome to the listserve.  Please read this important
set of instructions, dos, and don'ts on using the "Rislist".  Part 1
involves technical basics.  Part 2 involves etiquette and appropriate use.

Part 1:

Q: What is it?
A: It's a listserve.  This means anyone subscribed to it (and only those
subscribed to it) can send messages to it, which will be seen by the same
set of people.

Q: When do I get it?
A: If you are on Digest (the default option), you will receive all messages
from the past 24 hours in a single e-mail at ~1am, missing the free cookies
announced at 3pm.  If you are not on digest, you receive each message
individually, shortly after it is sent, cluttering your inbox with silly
messages.

Q: How do I get off digest?
A: Send an plain-text (no HTML) e-mail to RisleyHall-L-request@cornell.edu,
with no subject and the body text: "set mail".

Q: How do I get on digest?
A: Same, except the body should read "set digest".

You can find more details about customizing your Rislist format at
http://www.cit.cornell.edu/computer/elist/lyris/user-custom.html.

Q: Who is on the RisList?
A: Everyone who lives in Risley--that includes the RHD, the RAs, the AIRs,
and Eric Martin--as well as architects with rooms in Risley, the faculty
fellows, some alumni, and possibly some Campus Life spies.

Q: What kind of messages does the Rislist support?
A: Plain-text only.  If you try to send HTML, most users will see a garbled
message.  If you try to send an attachment, it will appear as pages and
pages of gobbledygook.  ASCII art, on the other hand, is badass.

Part 2:

So now that you're an expert in the technical aspects of the Rislist, here
are some helpful tips on the best way to use it, adapted from my column,
"Ask Nuditor":

There is some etiquette common to all e-lists:

1) Don't flame (flame = insults).  Electronic communication is severely
handicapped, and flame wars easily get out of hand.  Insult people to their
face.
2) Keep posts brief.  We all love to hear ourselves talk, and hey--here's a
captive audience.  But most people ignore long posts.  Sorry Gordon.
[Disclaimer: This post is long.  I am a hypocrite.  This is not really
disclaiming anything.]
***3) Don't reply with the previous listserve's entire contents copied, or
with attachments.  It's just annoying to scroll through all that.***
4) Keep posts relevant to the listserve topic.  Don't tell me about the
meeting schedule of the Albuquerque Bellybutton Lint Collector's Society
(ABLCS).

***Newbs seem to be especially susceptible to this one.

So what's the Risley listserve topic?  Well, it's not explicitly stated
anywhere, but I tend to consider the following categories:

APPROPRIATE
1) Anything to do with art, especially opportunities for Risleyites to
observe or participate in it
2) Risley-wide affairs (Kommittee business, alerts from staff about rules
etc) and events
3) BRIEF requests or advertisements for borrowing things or assistance with
something, or lost-&-found
4) Advertisements for one-time events that you are fairly certain a large
number of Risleyites will be interested in

INAPPROPRIATE
1) Anything long
2) Advertisements for events unrelated to Risley or art (that's what
postering is for)
3) Rants about your bathroom (post a note in it, and the 15 people who need
to see it, will see it)
4) Responses to a single person (just send them an e-mail)
5) Politics.  Especially Risley politics.


Thanks for reading through all this.  As with most things, it boils down to
"don't be a dick".  Have fun Rislisting.

+from the Nuditower
